1
A Overextension of credit
The overextended buying power allowed consumers to continue investing in stocks so much that once the stock market crash they were unable to recover economically.
B Overproduction by farm and factories
The low prices as a result of overproduction was another factor causing the Great Depression.
C The stock market crashing
The stock market crashing resulted in many losing their money and banks becoming bankrupt from the panic.
D Low tariffs
This answer is correct since the tariffs were actually raised much higher resulting in other countries raising their tariffs on American products.
E Technological advancement
Technology began replacing employees meaning less employment and very low wages. Due to cause and effect, people were unable to afford much and began buying less causing more unemployment.
2
A 60%
This answer is correct since the tariffs changed from 38.5% to 60%.
B 32%
The tariffs were actually changed to 60%.
C 50%
The tariffs were actually changed to 60%.
D 39%
The tariffs were actually changed to 60%.
E 69%
The tariffs were actually changed to 60%.
3
A The Awakening
This book was written way before the Dust Bowl occurred.
B Of Mice and Men
This book was written about unemployment during the Great Depression. Not necessarily the Dust Bowl.
C The Crucible
This play was written about the Red Scare based off the Salem Witch Trials.
D Second Harvest
This book was not based off the Dust Bowl.
E Grapes of Wrath
This well-acclaimed book was based off the Dust Bowl.
4
A New Deal
New Deal was made under FDR, not Hoover. However much of it was inspired by Hoover’s programs.
B Public Works Program
This was a program created under Hoover.
C National Credit Act
This act actually doesn’t exist. However, he did create the National Credit Corporation.
D Emergency Relief and Credit Act
This doesn’t exist. However, he did create the Emergency Relief and Construction Act.
E Agricultural Finance Act
This doesn’t exist. However, he did create the Agricultural Marketing Act.
5
A New Deal
This was the name of the series of programs FDR proposed in response to the Great Depression.
B Wagner Acts
The Wagner Acts don’t really exist.
C Big Stick Policy
This was done under President Theodore Roosevelt regarding foreign policy, way before the Great Depression.
D Better Deal
The better deal doesn’t exist. It’s called New Deal.
E Good Deal
The good deal doesn’t exist. It’s called New Deal.
6
A Frances Perkins
She is the first female cabinet member during the FDR administration.
B Patricia Robert Harris
Although she was the first African female cabinet member, she isn’t the first female cabinet member.
C Elizabeth Dole
She is the first female to serve in two different cabinet positions under two administrations, but not the first female cabinet member.
D Elaine Chao
Although she was the first Asian-American female cabinet member, she isn’t the first female cabinet member.
E Hilda Solis
Although she was the first Hispanic female cabinet member, she isn’t the first female cabinet member.
7
A Wagner Act of 1935
This established the National Labor Relations Board, not the minimum wage and maximum hour per week.
B National Labor Relations Act
This established the National Labor Relations Board, not the minimum wage and maximum hour per week
C Agricultural Marketing Act
This established the Federal Farm Board, not the minimum wage and maximum hour per week.
D Fair Labor Standards Act
This established the minimum wage and maximum hour per week.
E Emergency Relief and Construction Act
This established the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, not minimum wage and maximum hour per week.
8
A .10 an hour
It was .40 an hour actually.
B .50
It was .40 an hour actually.
C .30
It was .40 an hour actually.
D .20
It was .40 an hour actually.
E .40
It was .40 an hour.
9
A Work Progress Administration
This meant to employ more people. It doesn’t really address social insurance.
B Social Security Administration
The SSA addresses social insurance and still exists today.
C Fair Labor Standards Act
This established minimum wage and maximum hours per week, but doesn’t include social insurance.
D Wagner Act of 1935
This just established the National Labor Relations Act. It doesn’t address social insurance.
E National Labor Relations Act
This just established the National Labor Relations Act. It doesn’t address social insurance.
10
A Bear market
The bear market means the stocks are descending.
B Bull market
This means the stocks are rising.
C Stock market
This is just where stocks are sold. It doesn’t mean anything in particular regarding stock prices.
D Increasing market
It’s called bull market.
E Mountain market
This term doesn’t exist.
11
A China would be open to trade for all countries
This was one of the biggest motivations behind the Open Door Policy
B To keep one power from taking control of the whole country
The policy meant to stop China from being ruled by one
c To interfere with the political division in China
The U.S. wanted to avoid this conflict within the country
D Permits China to collect tariffs
This allowed China to be more international and much more fair financially
E To stop China from taking a huge financial advantage
This policy was trying to stop China from becoming financially advanced over the rest of the world
12
A 1881
This was when France began to construct the canal
B 1903
This was when the Hay-Herran Treaty was signed by the U.S. and Colombia
C 1904
This was when the U.S. officially took over construction
D 1914
The Panama Canal officially opened on August 15, 1914
E 1921
This was when Panama became an independent nation
13
A Monroe Doctrine
This was made in 1823, not 1930s
B Ostend Manifesto
This was made in 1854 where the U.S. offered to purchase Cuba from Spain
C Good Neighbor Policy
This was made in the early 1930s that allowed the U.S. to have good relations with L.A.
D Dollar Diplomacy
This was made in 1909 to interfere with L.A. for financial reasons. It lasted until 1913 
E The Platt Amendment
This was made in 1901 that made the U.S. dominant over Cuba
14
A 1890s
The Jazz Age didn’t take place around that time
B 1910s
The Jazz Age took place after this time
C 1920s
The Jazz Age took place during the roaring twenties
D 1930s
The Jazz Age took place before this time
E 1940s
The Jazz Age took place before this time
15
A Cars
Cars were a huge innovation during the 1920s
B Radio
The 1920s made way for big technological advancements, including radios
C Aviation
Airplanes were made around this time
D Movies
The first movies were made in the roaring twenties
E Telephone
The telephone goes back as early as the mid-1800s
16
A Rough Riders
The rough riders were the main group of soldiers during the Spanish	American War
B Ku Klux Klan
This group never participated in this war
C Los Luchadores
This group never existed during this war
D White Rats
White Rats were not made for fighting
E All of the above
Not all of these groups were in the Spanish-American war
17
A William Howard Taft
Taft’s foreign policy was Dollar Diplomacy
B Franklin D. Roosevelt
FDR created the New Deal, but didn’t have a foreign policy
C Herbert Hoover
Hoover didn’t have a foreign policy during his presidency
D Theodore Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt was known for his foreign policy “Speak softly, and Carry a big stick.”
E James Monroe
Monroe created the Monroe Doctrine, but not this policy
18
A A group of musicians who seeked attention
This wasn’t the name of the group
B A small group of writers
During the 1920s, there were a small group of writers called the Lost generation
C An unknown group of soldiers
There wasn’t a group of soldiers with a specific name in this time period
D A fundamentalist group
There was never a fundamentalist group titled the Lost Generation
E A power-driven group of upperclassmen
There was never a power driven group in this time period
19
A The rise of modernism
People started to be more modern and move away from fundamentalist ideas
B To act as the new trend of the 1920s
This was never meant to be a trend
C The lack of religious people in the U.S.
While this may be true, this wasn’t the real reason for the fundamentalist movement
D To respond to the president’s comments against religion
The president never made comments against religion during this time
E None of the above
One of the above choices is true
20
A The suspect was highly religious
The suspect wasn’t super religious nor was it how it publicized the movement
B The trial was taken place in a church rather than a courtroom
The trial took place in a court
C The suspect was teaching evolution
The idea of evolution went against the ideas of fundamentalism
D Some modernists began to join the fundamentalists during the trial
This may have been true, but it didn’t make the Scopes Trial publicize this movement
E There was a fundamentalist rally at the trial
There was no fundamentalist rally during the trial